About Mr. Reco
Founded: 1986

About: Uncle Reco likes to sell only the best quality clothing at the best price!

Description: In 1978 ESPIRIDIÓN RECO, a notorious spanish bull fighter landed a direct hit to his ball sack by famous 'Sally the Bull' and tragically lost his left ball completely. Ending his fighting career soon after Mr Reco built up enough ball to open his own sweat shop in New Mexico City. Quickly growing very popular selling tens of thousands of units across the the mexican boarder to the USA, Mr Reco got caught up selling more than just t-shirts if you know what i mean…. Partying with high profile models and gangland leaders Reco was now known to many as Uncle Reco. or Mr Uncle Reco to some.After being forced to shutdown his sweatshop operation because of a dispute with police on his premises, Uncle Reco slipped through the ever so corrupt law system and moved to Australia with model and stripper girl friend Bella Rose. With his greasy hair slicked back and an overgrown moustache intact Uncle Reco decided to get back into clothing manufacturing. Reco believes he can create a great product for the Australian market. Opening his new sweat shop in 1999 Uncle Reco hopes he can deliver the best quality vintage retro garments across Australia and again the world.
He says "I know what I'm doing people doubt me but i see alot of people in this industry come and go, they silly they don't have good product like me they dont know who i know, I have my contacts and I have my passion for clothing back so now there is no stopping me Uncle Reco, people often ask me why i started a sweat shop again competing with Australia's best street wear brands and I tell them, I have new product I make vintage retro clothing from things people used to love, its that
simple people used to love it I bring it back better than ever before". I think we can expect big things from Uncle Reco's vintage and retro Collections be sure to keep an eye on the crazy Spanish/ mexican bull fighter because he has promised big things. adios amigos...

Awards: 1976- Spanish Bull Fighter of the Year.

"The best vintage prints in the world" Uncle Reco xoxo

Love Uncle Reco

Size Chart:
https://www.unclereco.com/catalog/size_chart.php


Shipping & Returns
PAYMENT, SHIPPING, RETURNS AND REFUNDS
PAYMENT:
We accept credit card, American Express,PayPal, and Afterpay Payments only.
Payment MUST be made in full before we will start to process any orders. Credit Card Payments will be processed every morning, so please be aware even if you purchase at night it’s likely in some cases we wont process the payment until the next morning.
SHIPPING:
Your items will be shipped within 1-6 business days from your purchase date this allows enough time to us to custom print some items and handling delays. However if you wish to recieve your order quicker please select our VIP Front of Queue shipping option in the checkout section which will push your order to the front of the queue and be dispatched in less than 48hours.
Due to Australia post systems on our website some items may be shipped via regular E-Parcel due to your location or item purchased.
International orders will be shipped via E-Parcel unless you select the DHL option in the check-out.
We are not responsible for any international taxes or import duties your order may have when it enters your country from Australia.
POSTAGE:
We use Australia post for all our Uncle Reco online store distribution.
We ship worldwide from our distribution centre in Melbourne Australia.
We have 2 postage options: EXPRESS, AND INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
We will send your items by your choosen postage option AFTER the 1-6 business days in printing and handling delay. Therefore if you choose and pay for express post you will still end up getting your item before a customer that has just chosen regular post.
If you pay for registered or express post you will have the luxury of a tracking number upon request. 
Free Shipping could be available at certain times however we don't offer any free shipping during a sale period.
RETURNS AND EXCHANGES:
We accept returns however the customer needs pay for postage back to us and then again back to them, please email us your order details before sending anything back to us so we can check stock levels of sizes or designs that you are swapping it for. 
If an item is wrong by our error then please email us at sales@unclereco.com and a customer services representative will help you get your correct item sorted.
To check our size charts please see here: http://www.unclereco.com/sizes.html
If an item is wrong or damaged on our error we will pay for your postage back to us and replace the item for you at no further costs.
If you require an exchange, you have 14 days to contact us via email to organise an exchange, and 30 days to have to product/s returned to us from the recieved product date.
If you have not received your item/s within 30 days, please contact us immediately. Orders can not be reshipped or refunded if we have not been contacted within the first 45 days since the purchase date, due to Australia Post's tracking numbers expiring.
If your parcel is returned to sender by Australia Post for an incorrect address or after failing to be collected from the post office, we will email you notifying you of this. You will also be asked to pay for the shipping again when your item is re-sent to you. If you do not reply to this email within 14 days, you will forfeit the order.
REFUNDS:
Sorry unfortunately we are a small business and DO NOT DO REFUNDS for incorrect sizes or wrong products ordered, however we do offer exchanges. For size changes and products swaps, postage must be covered both ways by the customer.
We DO NOT offer exchanges or refunds if the product you ordered is out of stock or was a clearance item / lucky dip. We also DO NOT offer exchanges or refunds on womens swimwear if the hygiene patch has been removed. 
We are very sorry for any inconvenience this has caused you.
If you have any further questions please feel free to email us: sales@unclereco.com
We hope to get an order from you soon
 
Love 
 
Uncle Reco xx


Uncle Reco Online Clothing and Streetwear
Uncle Reco leads the way in vintage clothing and pop-culture apparel. Along with our unrivalled quirky accessories, Uncle Reco is unlike anything else in the Australian streetwear market. We produce only the highest quality of clothing, accessories and apparel across all our assortment of items.
Ranging from our vibrant party shirts to beach shorts, swimwear to festival headwear, funny t-shirts to crew jumpers and custom stubby holders to themed beer pong tables – Uncle Reco has you covered to meet all of your party and festival needs.
Our designs are current and topical within Australian culture, as well as combining all of the best movie and tv references, Uncle Reco leads the way in pop-culture clothing and accessories. With a huge social following on Instagram and Facebook, be sure to follow us to receive updates on all of our newly released products.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

UNCLE RECO – LIMITED EDITION VB X UNCLE RECO STEEDED GIVEAWAY JUNE 2023

MUST BE OVER 18 YEARS OLD TO ENTER AND CLAIM THE PRIZE. 

The Promoter is: UNCLE RECO in Melbourne Victoria, Australia.
The above-mentioned companies will be hereafter jointly referred to as the ‘Promoter.’
Employees of the Promoter or their family members or anyone else connected in any way with the competition or helping to set up the competition shall not be permitted to enter the competition.
To enter the competition an entrant must follow us on either Facebook or Instagram, as well as tagging one or more people in the comments of the competition post.
To enter the competition, you must live in Australia or New Zealand and must be over the age of 18. Photo ID will be requested to check proof of age before the prize can be awarded.
The Prize is a brand-new, limited-edition Steeden Rugby League Ball, valued at $49.95 Inc. GST, which includes free shipping to the winners provided shipping address of choice within Australia or New Zealand.
The start date of the competition is June the 8th 2023 (AEST) and the closing date for entry will be 11.59pm (AEST) Tuesday June the 20th 2023. After this date no further entries to the competition will be permitted.
No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received within the above dates for whatever reason.
The rules of the competition are as follows:
Each entrant must follow the Uncle Reco Facebook page or Instagram pages.
The entrant must also tag one or more friends in the competition post on our Facebook and Instagram pages.
You must follow the Uncle Reco page on the same social media platform that you have commented on. For example an entry will not count if an entrant follows the Facebook page & comments on the Instagram post.
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the Promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the Promoter.
The Promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition.
No cash alternative to the prizes will be offered. The prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.
Winner will be drawn at random at in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia on June the 21st 2023.
The winner will be notified by email and/or phone call within 28 days after the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.
The Promoter will notify the winner when their prize will be delivered to them.
The Promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her acceptance and agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by Australian law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Australia.
The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current Australian data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.
The winner’s name will be published on our social media and website.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Twitter or any other Social Network. You are providing your information to the Promoter and not to any other party.
Thanks Reco HQ


Pay over 8 weeks and receive your order now!
Using Afterpay you can pay for your order over 8 weeks. There's no interest or added fees. Payment will be automatically taken from your debit or credit card in four equal payments each fortnight over 8 weeks, and you will receive your order immediately. When using a promo code this must be applied to the order before continuing to the next step.

You simply need:
A debit card or credit card
To be over 18 years of age
To live in Australia OR New Zealand
To use this service simply:
Add your items to your shopping bag, and checkout as normal. Valid for amounts up to $1000.
On the checkout page select Afterpay as your payment method.
Enter your details with Afterpay and you're done.
The funds for the first payment will need to be available on the card at the time of checkout. If you are a new Afterpay customer payment will be made at the time of purchase, with payments over the next 6 weeks. Existing Afterpay customers first payment will be made in 14 days, with payments over 8 weeks. The full payment schedule will be provided to you at time of purchase.

If you wish to return your goods you can choose to receive an exchange, or the Afterpay payment plan can be cancelled. If you fail to make a payment you will be charged a late payment fee of $10 and an incremental $7 late fee for each week the order is overdue.

There is no waiting and we’ll ship out your order immediately as normal.

For full terms and conditions please visit Afterpay.


FAQ
How do I place an order on your website? - Simply add your desired item to your cart and follow the checkout prompts. You must create an account with us in order to finalize your order. By creating an Uncle Reco account, you can save your cart items and shopping history, as well as track and manage your orders.
We will email you once your order has been shipped and send you the tracking number.
What payment methods do you accept? - We accept a variety of payment methods, including Mastercard, Visa, Afterpay, PayPal, Apple Pay, and Google Pay.
Can I use a coupon code during a sale period? - Sorry we don't allow further discount stacking when the store is in a sale period. The only Coupons that will work will be ones from purchased Gift Vouchers.
Do you offer Free Shipping? - There are certain times of the year we may offer a free shipping promtion however we don't offer free shipping during a sale period.
Do you offer international shipping? - Yes, we do offer international shipping. As we are based in Australia, we provide free shipping within Australia for orders over $150 AUD. We also have shipping options available for most countries around the world.
Can I get a refund on sale items? - Sorry you can not get a refund on sale items
What is your return and exc - If you receive an item that doesn't fit or you're not satisfied with the product, you can return it to us at your own cost. We offer exchanges, store credit, and refunds. For more information, please contact sales@unclereco.com.
How long does it take to process and ship an order? - Most orders are shipped within 6 business days of being placed. We also offer a VIP option during checkout that guarantees your order will ship within 24 hours. Shipping times depend on your local courier but are typically within 2-5 business days.
Can I track the status of my order? - Once your order is shipped, you will receive a shipping confirmation email containing a tracking number.
What should I do if I receive a damaged or incorrect item? - If you receive a damaged or incorrect item, please contact us immediately and provide photos of the issue. For more information, please contact sales@unclereco.com.
Are there any size guides available? - Accurate size guides are available on each product's page.
Can I cancel or modify my order after it has been placed? - You can cancel or modify your order up until it has been shipped. Please contact sales@unclereco.com as early as possible if you would like to make changes. Once the order has been shipped, we can no longer make adjustments.
Do you offer gift wrapping or personalization services? - If you are purchasing an item as a gift, you can include a personalized note with your order. We will print it out on a custom Uncle Reco card and include it in the package.
Are there any discounts or promotions available? - We regularly run sales and promotions. Be sure to sign up for our newsletter to be the first to know about special offers.
How can I contact your customer support? - For any further inquiries, please contact our customer support team at sales@unclereco.com.
Do you have a physical store or showroom? - We are an online-only retailer and do not have a physical store or showroom.
Can I purchase gift cards? - Yes, we do offer gift cards the get emailed to you directly once you purchase them from our online store.
Are there any specific care instructions for your clothing items? - We recommend washing our products on a gentle cycle and avoiding tumble drying, as this will significantly prolong the quality of the product.

privacy_statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.

SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@unclereco.com or mailing us at: Uncle's empire PTY LTD
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.

SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.

SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.

Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.

COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
 
SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.

QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@unclereco.com or by mail at Uncle's empire PTY LTD
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[ Bayswater, VIC, 3168, Australia]